actually uh can't stay i have a plane to
catch
where you going london thinking about it
a lot i've decided that
i am going to quit the king kamehameha
club they want you back that's why
you've been having
trouble committing to our partnership
okay how do you know that yeah but they
disavowed you why would you want to work
for them again that was on me magnum i
mean
i let my emotions run away with me and i
went on an unsanctioned ventetta
the place is up for sale wait you broke
because
i put down a deposit to try and buy the
place what do you say
partners i'll let you invest ivan
that name mean anything to you is it
possible that ivan is
an alias thomas you need to call captain
green yeah i'm with tc navy intel might
be able to help i do think we
complement each other rather well this
is why we need to be partners
i saved your life you saved mine you're
like the
left brain to my right you might be glad
to know that after much deliberation i
have decided to accept your offer
the state bar heard about what i did and
revoked my law license
because you a killer's gonna spend the
rest of his life in prison and
the families of two victims are gonna
have some kind of closure i
am going to start a pro bono law center
so that i can help people who really
need it
i'm gonna do it on the mainland what do
you mean
what we've had has been great but i
don't know that it can go beyond that
captain greene lieutenant cooperation
need you to snatch and grab marwin
highlights of purchasing weapons and
snatch heights cia case officer from
ground branch and a dia weapons analyst
will help sell your approach
that sounds great but i was thinking
rick and cc could be out of the question
he finds the clients for my business and
you are the one who is the weapons
expert who inspects those weapons on
behalf of the client i did what you
asked
now i want my son
[Music]
i'm so very sorry if you're lost a few
days ago my son was abducted by two men
they promised they'd release him if i
sent magnum on a suicide mission in the
triple frontier well
i suppose we could stand here all
evening arguing about whether it's worth
risking our lives to save magnum
we all know the answer i was supposed to
snatch you up along with two other guys
who aren't who they say they are kind of
like you what are you talking about
i know you're an informant for the u.s
government i saw the emails
you could call me ivan
you're the only man alive who could ever
get close to hayek
the only one who can get me access
that's why he wanted the identity of the
white knight
what the hell are you doing here saving
your ass i told him everything
i am truly sorry for what i did to you
magnum i haven't went through a hell of
a lot of trouble to get the height
first he had to figure out who the white
knight was then he had to get me to the
triple frontier
at the end of the day he didn't get to
hire when robin first hired me i thought
the job might be temporary so i applied
for a temporary visa now it's up so
you've
already overstayed your visa yeah and if
i'm still here in 10 days i get borrowed
from re-entering the united states
for three years we can get married kind
of like a
married couple ten years in we sleep
under the same roof we get on each
other's nerves
don't sleep together it's my immigration
lawyer
he filed an emergency appeal but it was
denied because i overstayed so long
there is a chance that they'll deny me
entirely
will you fake marry me okay
fine i will but getting married for
green card is a bad idea
and you and magnum doing it even worse
i've been thinking about it and
i just think it's gonna be far too hard
to pull it off so who are you man
look if it's me then you don't gotta
pretend all the time we got a better
chance of getting away
i hope you and higgins have a a
beautiful
fake life together we shouldn't mix
marriage with our partnership i
just don't want to marry
anyone this isn't about the sanctity of
marriage at all it's
i don't want to live a lie see
robin made it he's up at the house
so i guess this is it robin met with the
attorney
and together they resolved my visa
status
so taken care of i still don't
understand
robin's just signed over full ownership
of this estate to me
you now own robin's nest i'll be allowed
to retain my
legal residence status so technically
we now work for you
you